3 interview questions you can't fail (and yet many do)


I spoke last week to the incoming class of RBC co-op students — an incredibly bright, curious and energetic group who embody Canada's unlimited potential — and told them about my three favourite interview questions that you can't prepare for and really can't fail, although people do.

Where do you volunteer?
You can say pretty much anything you want — and that's the point. What will you choose? And what will it say about you? It's not the cause that matters, as they all do, but what it says about what drives you. Key indicator: passion.

2. What are you reading?

It amazes me how many people trip up on this one. Often long silences. Or a litany of recent best-sellers that they've barely started. The answer's not important; it's what you say about a book. I've heard great insights about comic books, children's books, religion and philosophy books — and of course, the great novels of the ages (and some trashy ones, too.) Key indicator: curiosity.

3. Favourite place to travel?

Can be a local lake or an exotic corner of the world. Again, it's not the answer, but the explanation. How comfortable are you with being uncomfortable, with going to places that challenge you and open your mind and make your pulse race a little. I've heard people cite the most remarkable destinations in the world and have nothing interesting to say about them — and others cite the local library (always a great destination) and make it sound like a Paul Theroux book. Key indicator: creativity.

So, welcome aboard, co-op students —- and everyone interested in lifelong learning. While we're investing a lot in work-integrated learning, we should never forget the importance of sharing, reading and exploring. They help fuel the power of passion, which is usually at the root of progress.

Published on September 17, 2018
 John Stackhouse
John Stackhouse
Senior Vice-President, Office of the CEO at RBC
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/3-interview-questions-you-cant-fail-yet-many-do-john-stackhouse/
