0 - Why do we not program in plain English (or another natural language)?

Because natural languages are ambiguous and we need strict rules so that the computer always knows exactly what you mean.

1 - What is the difference between an interpretor and a compiler?
    Which is used for Python?
The interpreter translates the code a little at a time whereas the compiler takes it all at once before even running the program. Python uses an interpreter.

2 - What are two ways to execute Python code?

We can execute in (1) interactive mode or(2) script mode.

3 - How do you execute a Python script?

First we should save the code in a file ending with ".py". Next we can use the command line by entering $ python [filepath]

4 - In your own words describe what a program is
    and what programs are made up of.

Programs are a sequence of instructions (ie. group of code) that we give the computer to execute. They are made up of a variety of input, output, math, conditional execution and repetitions.

5 - What are the main three types of errors and how do you come across them?

    1.Syntax errors - when I type something the computer does not understand (ie. missed a closed parenthesis).
    2. Runtime errors - this doesn't occur until after the program starts running (ie. the path I specified does not have a syntax error but it just does not exist and I haven't told the computer what to do with it).
    3. Semantic errors - I may not know this is happening because the computer understands this and the program runs successfully. But I did not get the result I wanted because I did not write the correct code.

6 - What does it mean to debug a program?
    What are some ways to debug a program?

When I execute the program and I do not get the result I expected then I will have to debug it. One way to debug is to start from the top and execute each piece in a python interpreter so I can see line by line what is happening.

7 - What is a “high-level language” / what’s a “low-level-language”?
"high level": language that needs to be processed into a "low-level" before the computer can run it. "low-level": the languages that a computer can run. It is easier and more accurate to write in a high-level. Python is high-level.
